## Zoos (essay)

Do we really need zoos? And do they worth all the suffer and pain animals get living there? Well there are a lot of animal protectors who fight fiercely with the zoos and everything connected with keeping wild animals close to civilization and far away from wild natural habitat. However there is also a huge amount of animal lovers such as zoo workers who do love animals as well as zoos because the last offer them a job they really like. Moreover what kind of parent would refuse to going to the zoo on a day out with his little kid who can't wait to watch animals?? So, let's find out should we be violent enough to ban zoos and make all the kids in the world unhappy.

The first writer doesn't see any positive sides of the zoos. The writer occuses them of keeping wild animals in terrible conditions so that they suffer physically and phsycologically. Furthermore it's claimed that the only possible advantage of zoos is that they help people to learn more about animals is actually very inconsistent because of keeping them in awful innatural conditions. Perhaps the writer has never been in good zoos. These zoos I've visited in Thailand, Canarian Islands, Denmark. Indeed animals are kept there in large lovely paddocks according to their demands but not in tiny cages like in St. Petersburg Zoo. That's why I can't agree with his point of view in general.

The second writer claims that keeping at least endangered species in zoos is reasonable because people have to take responsibility for harm and damage caused by them. Besides that he as well as the first writer evaluates the idea of scientific purpose for keeping animals in zoos and finds it justified because studying animals in wild is impossible. I quite agree with the second author and hope that zoos are going to safe some of the species in danger of extinction.

Actually there are different zoos in the world. Some of them are really terrible. But I don't think all the zoos should be banned, because they play a great role in communication between humanity and the wild rest of the planet.
